### Chapter 1: Compilation


1. _**Give an example of a feature common in interpreted languages that is rare in compiled languages.**_
  *  Dynamic types 
2. _**Name two advantages of static typing over dynamic typing**_
  * First advantage is error checking and second advantage is the quickness of error checking

3. _**Give an example of a static semantic error**_
  * if a variable or value has the wrong type 

4. _**What are two reasons you might want to turn off code optimization?**_
  * First reason is optimization may produce bugs. Second reason is its hard to trace code to debug if you're not familiar with the language. 
  
5. _**When you run gcc with -S, why might the results look different on different computers?**_
  * Because of the different architecture. 

6. _**If you spell a variable name wrong, or if you spell a function name wrong, the error messages you get might lookvery different. Why**_
  * Errors are produced in different parts of the process.
  
7. _**What is a segmentation fault??**_
  *  When you cannot read and write to an address.


### Chapter 2: Processes


1. _**Give a real-world example of virtualization (ideally not one of the ones in the book)**_
  * Amazon
  
2. _**What is the difference between a program and a process?**_
  * The process runs the program.
  
3. _**What is the primary purpose of the process abstraction? What illusion does the process abstraction create?**_
  * Allows users to use complicated systems while giving the illusion of simplicity. 
  
4. _**What is the kernel?**_
  * The kernel is part of the OS that has core capabilities. 
  
5. _**What is the daemon?**_
  * Daemon is a helper.
  
