##### Chapter 3: Virtual Memory


1. _**The Georgian alphabet has 33 letters. How many bits are needed to specify a letter?**_
  * 6 bits = 64 values. 

2. _**In the UTP-16 character encoding, the binary representation of a character can take up to 32 bits. Ignoring the details of the encoding scheme, how many different characters can be represented?**_
  * A 32-bit character can have 4,294,967,296 possible characters. A character set that large should be able to store every possible character in the world.

3. _**What is the difference between "memory" and "storage" as defined in ThinkOS?**_
  * The main difference is that memory is binary and storage is decimal.

4. _**What is the difference between a GiB and a GB? What is the percentage difference in their sizes?**_
  * GiB is binary and GB is decimal units. I think the difference in their sizes is less than 1%.
  
5. _**How does the virtual memory system help isolate processes from each other?**_
  * Virtual memory helps isolate processes from each other by giving every process its own memory space. By having its own space, it increases reliability and security since processes cannot interfere with each other.  

6. _**Why do you think the stack and the heap are usually located at opposite ends of the address space?**_
  * The reasoning is the stack is very fast, while the heap is very slow. 
  
7. _**What Python data structure would you use to represent a sparse array?**_
  * I've actually never used Python before since we don't learn that language at Brandeis and I haven't had a chance to learn it in my spare time. However, after researching about it, I think a list or library could be used to implement a 2D matrix (sparse matrix).
 
8. _**What is a context switch?**_
  * A context switch is also called a process switch or task switch. It is defined as the switching of the CPU from one processs or thread to another. 
  


##### Chapter 4: Files and file systems


1. _**What abstractions do file systems provide? Give an example of something that is logically true about files systems, but not true of their implementations.**_
  * The abstractions the file systems provide is the ability to organize data into files, directories, and other constructs, and manipulate them in various ways. For example, you can open, read, writer, and close a file. Second part of question is asking about the file system implementation.
 
2. _**What information do you imagine is stored in an OpenFileTableEntry?**_
  * OpenFileTableEntry is a data structure representing the state of open files. There are several pieces of information stored about each file. There is the file mode (permissions), flags passed (read only, write only), pointers (read/write pointer), current offset, and reference count. 
 
3. _**What are some of the ways operating systems deal with the relatively slow performance of persistent storage?**_
  * The Operating System will generally switch to another process while waiting for data from disk to deal with slow performance. Other ways the OS can deal is to block transfers, prefetching, buffering, and caching.
  
4. _**Suppose your program writes a file and prints a message indicating that it is done writing. Then a power cut crashes your computer. After you restore power and reboot the computer, you find that the file you wrote is not there. What happened?**_
  * Perhaps when the file was written, it was still buffering when the computer crashed. The file written might not appear because its still in the buffer. Similarly if the data is written to the disk and the computer crashed, data might be lost because its in cache, but not yet on disk. Whenever it doesn't make it to disk is why you don't see the file.
  
5. _**Can you think of one advantage of a File Allocation Table over a UNIX inode? Or an advantage of a inode over a FAT?**_
  * Advantage of a File Allocation Table is that it has no external fragmentation. Disadvantage of FAT is there is internal fragmentation.
  
6. _**What is overhead? What is fragmentation?**_
  * Overhead is the amount of space left by the allocator for data structures. Fragmentation is the unused space left by blocks. 
  
7. _**Why is the "everything is a file" principle a good idea? Why might it be a bad idea?**_
  * "Everything is a file" principle is a good idea in many different contexts. For example, in UNIX pipe and network communication, processes can be set up so that output from o ne process is taken as input into another process. It is a good idea because it makes everyones lifes easier and the principle is versatile for programmers since we only have to learn one API. It might be a bad idea because the performance can be bad. Perhaps there is the ability to lose files and to lose track of the copy.  

  
