### Chapter 5: Bits and bytes


1. _**Suppose you have the value 128 stored as an unsigned 8-bit number. What happens if you convert it to a 16-bit number and accidentally apply sign extension?**_
  *  

2. _**Write a C expression that computes the two's complement of 12 using the XOR bitwise operator. Try it out and confirm that the result is interpreted as -12**_
  * 
  
3. _**Can you guess why IEEE floating-point uses biased integers to represent the exponent rather than a sign bit or two's complement?**_
  * 

4. _**Following the example in Section 5.4, write the 32-bit binary representatioin of -13 in single precision IEEE floating-point. What would you get if you accidentally interpreted this value as an integer?**_
  * 
  
5. _**Write a function that takes a string and converts from lower-case to upper-case by flipping the sixth bit. As a challenge, you can make a faster version by reading the string 32 or 64 bits at a time, rather than one character at a time. This optimization is made easier if the length of the string is a multiple of 4 or 8 bytes.**_
  *



### Chapter 6: Memory Management


1. _**Which memory management functions would you expect to take constant time? Which ones take time proportional to the size of the allocated chunk?**_
  * I expect free() to take constant time and malloc(), calloc(), and realloc() to take time proportional to size of the allocated chunk
  
2. _**For each of the following memory errors, give an example of something that might go wrong:**_
  * **Reading from unallocated memory:** System might detect the error and trigger a run-time error, or a segmentation fault. However, more often, the program will get the whatever value is at that location, sometimes giving bizarre results
  * **Writing to unallocated memory:** Even worse than reading from an unallocated memory. The system usually won't be able to detect the problem, and the functions can fail, and source of problem is difficult to find.
  * **Reading from a freed chunk.**
  * **Writing to a freed chunk.**
  * **Failing to free a chunk that is no longer needed.** Memory leaks since memory is allocated, but never deallocated. If program runs for a long time and leaks memory, the total memory use will increase indefinitely.
  
3. _**run "ps aux --sort rss" to see a list of processes sorted by RSS, which is "resident set size", the amount of physical memory a process has. Which processes are using the  most memory?**_
  * Running FireFox is using the most memory (20.1%)
  
4. _**What's wrong with allocating a large number of small chunks? What can you do to mitigate the problem?**_
  * The problem with allocating a large number of small chunks is fragmentation since there are more system calls. To mitigate the problem, just have one large allocation or allocate the smallest and simplest segment/chunk first. 
  
