## Chapter 8

### Multitasking 
 * defintion: switching from one process to another quickly, creating the illusion that many processes are running at the same time
### What is the kernel's most basic task?
 * Kernel is lowest level of software and its most basic task is to handle interrupts.
### When an interrupt occurs, what part of the hardware state is saved by hardware?
 * An interrupt is an event that stops the normal instruction cycle and causes flow of execution to jump to a special section of code called interrupt handler. Handling interrupts requires cooperation between hardware and software. 
 * Hardware is responsible for bringing CPU to consistent state by saving the registers.It saves the program counter (PC),  so kernel knows where to resume. (It saves every instruction as complete or not.) It saves the registers that are planned to be used like data registers and flag registers. 
### What is the difference between an interrupt and a context switch?
 * Both are events. However, interrupt happens first. The difference is in the flow of execution. Interrupt jumps to code called interrupt handler and can either resume the interrupted process or perform a context switch (switch to another process)
 * Context switch is also slow because of time eeded to load data into cache for the new process.
### Give an example of an event that might cause a process to move from the blocked to the ready state.
 * When an operation like a disk request completes, it causes an interrupt. The interrupt handlers figures which process was waiting for the request, switches its state from blocked to ready.
### Why might a scheduler want to give higher priority to an I/O bound process?
 * because it might be more time-sensitive. The user is probably waiting for a reply. It prioritizes I/O bound processes because of its short processor time.
### When I make French toast, I usually make a batch of 12 slices. But my griddle only has room for 8 slices. Each piece of toast has to cook for 5 minutes on each side. How can I schedule 12 slices onto 8 "cores" to minimize the elapsed time to cook all 12 slices? (Note: this question is not hypothetical; this is really how I make French toast.
 * slow: 10 mins, 8 slices are done. 20 mins, 4 more slices are done.
 * fast: 10 mins, 4 slices are done. 15 mins, 8 more slices are done.  
## Chapter 9

### POSIX threads and mutexes
 * POSIX threads = pthreads
### As you read Chapter 9, you should compile and run the example code. By the nature of multi-threaded programs, you results will probably be different from mine, possibly in interesting ways.

### Why does each thread have its own stack?
 * So each thread can be independent. Threads can call functions without interfering with each other. Usually, threads cant access each other's local variables.
### What does the gcc flag -lpthread do?
 * flag links with the pthread library
### What does the argument of pthread_exit do?
 * it can pass a value to the thread that joins with this thread.
### Normally the same thread that created a thread also waits to join it. What happens if another thread tries to join a thread it did not create?
 * Any thread can join any other thread. Most common pattern is parent thread creates and join all child threads. Regardless is another threads join a threat, it waits until all children are done/blocks until thread it joins terminate. 
### What goes wrong if several threads try to increment a shared integer at the same time?
 * This is a synchronization problem. Several threads access and incraement shared counter, then output results will be skipped
### What does it mean to "lock a mutex"?
 * It blocks all other threads from accessing. 
