### Written Sprint Reflection

My personal learning goals for Sprint2 was to keep up with the readings, submissions, and improve my productivity in helping with the group project based on the kaizen realized during Sprint2 Meeting 1. During Sprint2, I was unable to make it to the sprint review, but I made sure my team had the notes for the reading. I was able to complete the rough draft for Project 1 Preliminary Report which was ready to be conversed about. I think as the project gets further, the more I realize that the project is quite difficult. Since we are creating a custom physics engine, it gives our team practice with programming, physics, and math. To combine that with learning C++ and C is a challenge. Also, we have been testing using different software such as OpenGL, Bullet Physics Engine, Blender, so it has been a great learning experience, but also a huge challenge. My personal learning goal by the end of Sprint3 is to submit a project we are satisfied with and be more familiar with vector math, which is an essential component to our final submission.

During Sprint3 Meeting1, our team discussed our kaizen. 
  * To be more active in conversing about the project. In Sprint 2 Meeting3 because we had a Snow Day, we decided to have a Skype meeting instead, which went well.
  * We want to keep dividing up work by having two people work on the same tasks, so that it can be done faster. 
  * We want to make sure the team gets back together to talk about the task, especially if we had two people working on the same task.

I am hoping that our team kaizen discussed during this meeting will make us more productive, especially over the weekend before the project is due. Personally, I feel behind, because our program is not displaying the ball rolling down our Brachistochrone curve, but that is a task we are in the process of working on starting today. I think the reason we are behind is because there are many tasks at hand. Another big reason we are behind is there was little communication about what and how certain tasks needed to be done. 
