During 2/02, which was also Sprint2 meeting1, our team discussed our kaizen, which will help our team be more efficient and productive in sprint2. Dedicating a bit of our discussion time to talk about our kaizen was a great intervention to make sure our team members are all on the same page. For example, we have decided 1) to read according to the schedule. We got a bit ahead on the readings, which did not help in understanding the details in previous readings 2) to divide up work in a productive manner: to put two people, instead of one person, on the same important task 3) to be more active in conversing about the project. Besides talking about our kaizen, as the sprint master, I thought it would be great to list some of the positive points of what went well in our Sprint1, in order to keep the team motivated. I did this by intervening and saying that our positive points were 1) that we kept iterating on our mockups for the final product and 2) we kept up with the readings.
We followed the eduScrum schedule according to what the professors said we should be working on for that day and adapting our project needs to the current schedule. 
We were prepared for Sprint1 review and received full credit. For the two criteria, project and readings, we were well prepared to discuss the project portion because we already had a draft of the proposal ready to be conversed about. We discovered we were unprepared for the reading questions because we got too ahead in the readings. 
Our activity throughout the sprint changed because we expected everyone to be on track, but some tasks took us longer than expected. For example, researching about cycloids, OpenGL, and physics engines took us a long time to understand because majority of our team members have never worked with this topic or software. 
