For our individual goals we all have expressed our interest in pursuing a project in topic categories: Operating Systems, Graphics Programming, or Network Programming. As a group, we all want to pursue an excited project, but not an extremely challenging one because the team members are all beginners in C. Our group goal is to learn and apply C, and to try and solve the project idea. 

We decided that the scrum master was going to be me since a personal skill I have is organizing and managing my time. The purpose of the scrum master is to help the team perform optimally without directing the team and I believe I am able to take on this duty to make sure our trello board is up to date and that we are on track with our sprints. I'm also ok with taking on more responsibilities delegated to me as the sprint progresses. I will ensure that there is transparency of our project to the product owners and student teammates. For cross-team collaboration, we will set up a Slack account for communication on project progress.

The division of responsibilities for this week was every member of our team has to research more into the project ideas under each topic and we will vote to choose one project in the Thursday class (1/26) so that we can begin preparing the proposal submission on 1/30. 

For sprint backlog, we included the tasks and due dates on our trello page under the team Docile Dolphins to keep track of our progress. We included the necessary tasks of researching more into parts of the project some members of our team are not familiar with. For example, if we decide to use OpenGL in the project, everyone on the team should have a basic understanding of it. I'm feeling apprehensive that using Trello will not be as efficient since I've used it for previous projects and some previous team members never checked the boards/tasks to be done. We have not omitted anything from the sprint backlog since every task, mostly research oriented, seems to be of equal priority to familiarize our team with the topic project ideas. 
